NOTES

*  The command files are designed so it'a always safe to run them
   again. I regularly run kerberos.yml on all known hosts.

*  All coresysadmins should be able to do this stuff without becoming
   root. The files here can be edited by anyone in that group.

*  The files that are copied to the system are in kerberos-files. You
   normally have to sudo to edit them. Make sure ownership and protection
   is right in the copy directories, as they are copied as is.

INSTRUCTIONS

0. make sure your host is listed in hosts. To add to an existing cluster
   it should be pretty obvious what to do.

1. kerberos-boot. initial setup of Kerberos. This normally is only needed once.

This assumes you're going to login as linux-admin and that sudo will work 
without a password

     ansible-playbook kerberos-boot.yml -u linux-admin --ask-pass --limit=hostname

If you need to su with a password, you have to specify that:

     ansible-playbook kerberos-boot.yml -u linux-admin --ask-pass --become-method=su --become-user=root --ask-become-pass --limit=hostname

2. kerberos. the things that may be updated, so we redo this file regularly.

Step 1 sets things so all the sysadmins can login without a password and do
sudo. So you don't need many options

     ansible-playbook kerberos.yml --limit=xxx

3. linux-admin and root passwords:

     ansible-playbook passwords.yml --ask-vault-pass --limit=xxx

The vault password is in 1Password. The vault is an encrypted file containing
the encrypted passwords for linux-admin and root.

TO DO A COMMAND ON ALL SYSTEMS

Suppor you wanted to see if renewd is running on all of the apps systems:

  ansible apps -m command -a 'pgrep renewd'

-m command runs one command directly. If you need to use > | or other shell
characters use -m shell.

Use "all" rather than "apps" to run the command on every system in hosts.

VAULT

The vault is a set of encrypted files containing password information.

E.g. password-data/machineroom.yml has the linux-admin and root passwords
normally used for systems in the machine room. (Apps uses a separate
password.)

To create or edit the vault file:

     ansible-vault create|edit password-data/machineroom.yml

